Backport jetpack 15.0-a.7 Changes (#44940)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/readme.txt

== Changelog ==
### 15.0-a.7 - 2025-08-25
#### Enhancements

> - Add LaTeX Block to render mathematical formula.
> - Forms: Add MailPoet integration.
> - Forms: Let MailPoet handle old/new form data.
> - Forms: Preserve html ids when processing feedback.
> - Forms: Save feedback entries in a new format
> - Forms: Show trash action alongside view action in inbox.
> - No longer allow inserting Simple Payments block via inserter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add LaTeX Block to render mathematical formula.
- Disallow inserting Simple Payments block via inserter.
- Forms: Add MailPoet integration.
- Forms: Preserve HTML IDs when processing feedback.
- Forms: Save feedback entries in a new format.
- Forms: Show trash action alongside view action in inbox.
```

#### Bug fixes

> - Carousel: Improve image size processing to return higher quality images in additional situations.
> - CDN: Gracefully handle an attempt to filter null.
> - Search: Ensure images are loaded efficiently when on https sites.
> - SEO settings: Update the default Open Graph image tag to match the one in use on the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Carousel: Improve image size processing to return higher quality images in additional situations.
- Image CDN: Prevent errors when attempting to filter null.
- Search: Ensure images are loaded efficiently when on https sites.
- SEO settings: Update the default Open Graph image tag to match the one in use on the site.
```
